as a supervisor, it's really important to understand your crew. You have
to know about their past. You have to know their behaviors. You know,
what type of person are they? Are they sweet and kind? Are they
angry? And it's important to notice changes. So if there's a risk of
suicide, then, um, I take all of that into consideration and make
sure that I get them to the experts. Uh, this could be whether, um,
they're more violent than usual, whether they're punching things where
they're hurting, whether they're hurting other people. Um, whether
something happens in their life. Whether, like, for instance, their
wife just, um walked out of the house or the kids are having problems
at school or they were having an argument with the next door neighbor.
You know, those are things that, if you hear about you, should
take those into consideration and be it something really big, like,
ah, huge argument with a co worker or little things throughout the
last few weeks, a few months that you think might have some some significance.
Um, you make the call as a supervisor toe, bring it up to
the next level